{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red170\green13\blue145;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red92\green38\blue153;\red63\green110\blue116;\red196\green26\blue22;\red46\green13\blue110;
\red28\green0\blue207;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c45600\c0;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c66500\c5200\c56900;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c35900\c14900\c60100;\csgenericrgb\c24700\c43100\c45600;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;\csgenericrgb\c18100\c5200\c43100;
\csgenericrgb\c11000\c0\c81000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 //
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2 //  LanguageListController.swift
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2 //  Presidents Kettering
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2 //
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2 //  Created by Michael Kettering on 2/7/18.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2 //  Copyright \'a9 2018 Me. All rights reserved.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2 //
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf4 import\cf5  UIKit
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf4 class\cf5  LanguageListController: \cf6 UITableViewController\cf5  \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 //Custom Language Names
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 weak\cf5  \cf4 var\cf5  detailViewController: \cf7 \cb3 DetailViewController\cf5 \cb3 ? = \cf4 nil
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 private\cf5  \cf4 let\cf5  languageNames: [\cf6 String\cf5 ] = [\cf8 \cb3 "English"\cf5 \cb3 , \cf8 \cb3 "French"\cf5 \cb3 , \cf8 \cb3 "German"\cf5 \cb3 , \cf8 \cb3 "Spanish"\cf5 \cb3 ]
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 private\cf5  \cf4 let\cf5  languageCodes: [\cf6 String\cf5 ] = [\cf8 \cb3 "en"\cf5 \cb3 , \cf8 \cb3 "fr"\cf5 \cb3 , \cf8 \cb3 "de"\cf5 \cb3 , \cf8 \cb3 "es"\cf5 \cb3 ]
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 override\cf5  \cf4 func\cf5  viewDidLoad() \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf4 super\cf5 .\cf9 \cb3 viewDidLoad\cf5 \cb3 ()
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 //Popover Code so it doesn't stretch the entire screen
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf6 clearsSelectionOnViewWillAppear\cf5  = \cf4 false
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf6 preferredContentSize\cf5  = \cf6 CGSize\cf5 (width: \cf10 \cb3 320\cf5 \cb3 , height: (\cf7 \cb3 languageCodes\cf5 \cb3 .\cf6 count\cf5  * \cf10 \cb3 44\cf5 \cb3 ))
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf6 tableView\cf5 .\cf9 \cb3 register\cf5 \cb3 (\cf6 UITableViewCell\cf5 .\cf4 self\cf5 , forCellReuseIdentifier: \cf8 \cb3 "Cell"\cf5 \cb3 )
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // Uncomment the following line to preserve selection between presentations
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // self.clearsSelectionOnViewWillAppear = false
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // Uncomment the following line to display an Edit button in the navigation bar for this view controller.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // self.navigationItem.rightBarButtonItem = self.editButtonItem
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 override\cf5  \cf4 func\cf5  didReceiveMemoryWarning() \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf4 super\cf5 .\cf9 \cb3 didReceiveMemoryWarning\cf5 \cb3 ()
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 // MARK: - Table view data source
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 override\cf5  \cf4 func\cf5  numberOfSections(in tableView: \cf6 UITableView\cf5 ) -> \cf6 Int\cf5  \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // #warning Incomplete implementation, return the number of sections
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf4 return\cf5  \cf10 \cb3 1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb3 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 override\cf5  \cf4 func\cf5  tableView(\cf4 _\cf5  tableView: \cf6 UITableView\cf5 , numberOfRowsInSection section: \cf6 Int\cf5 ) -> \cf6 Int\cf5  \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // #warning Incomplete implementation, return the number of rows
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf4 return\cf5  \cf7 \cb3 languageCodes\cf5 \cb3 .\cf6 count
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 override\cf5  \cf4 func\cf5  tableView(\cf4 _\cf5  tableView: \cf6 UITableView\cf5 , cellForRowAt indexPath: \cf6 IndexPath\cf5 ) -> \cf6 UITableViewCell\cf5  \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf4 let\cf5  cell = tableView.\cf9 \cb3 dequeueReusableCell\cf5 \cb3 (withIdentifier: \cf8 \cb3 "reuseIdentifier"\cf5 \cb3 , for: indexPath)
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf2 // Configure the cell...
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         cell.\cf6 textLabel\cf5 ?.\cf6 text\cf5  = \cf7 \cb3 languageNames\cf5 \cb3 [indexPath.\cf6 row\cf5 ]
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf4 return\cf5  cell
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf4 override\cf5  \cf4 func\cf5  tableView(\cf4 _\cf5  tableView: \cf6 UITableView\cf5 , didSelectRowAt indexPath: \cf6 IndexPath\cf5 ) \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf7 \cb3 detailViewController\cf5 \cb3 ?.languageString = languageCodes[indexPath.row]
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5         \cf9 \cb3 dismiss\cf5 \cb3 (animated: \cf4 true\cf5 , completion: \cf4 nil\cf5 )
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 /*
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     // Override to support conditional editing of the table view.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     override func tableView(_ tableView: UITableView, canEditRowAt indexPath: IndexPath) -> Bool \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         // Return false if you do not want the specified item to be editable.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         return true
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     */
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 /*
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     // Override to support editing the table view.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     override func tableView(_ tableView: UITableView, commit editingStyle: UITableViewCellEditingStyle, forRowAt indexPath: IndexPath) \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         if editingStyle == .delete \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2             // Delete the row from the data source
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2             tableView.deleteRows(at: [indexPath], with: .fade)
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         \} else if editingStyle == .insert \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2             // Create a new instance of the appropriate class, insert it into the array, and add a new row to the table view
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         \}    
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     */
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 /*
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     // Override to support rearranging the table view.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     override func tableView(_ tableView: UITableView, moveRowAt fromIndexPath: IndexPath, to: IndexPath) \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf2     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     */
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 /*
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     // Override to support conditional rearranging of the table view.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     override func tableView(_ tableView: UITableView, canMoveRowAt indexPath: IndexPath) -> Bool \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         // Return false if you do not want the item to be re-orderable.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         return true
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     */
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5     \cf2 /*
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     // MARK: - Navigation
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf2     // In a storyboard-based application, you will often want to do a little preparation before navigation
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     override func prepare(for segue: UIStoryboardSegue, sender: Any?) \{
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         // Get the new view controller using segue.destinationViewController.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2         // Pass the selected object to the new view controller.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs22 \cf2     */
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs22 \cf5 \}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}